Separate Interaction Data structures (#4909)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Receiving_and_Responding.md

| APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE | 4     |
| MODAL_SUBMIT                     | 5     |

###### Interaction Data

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The inner data payload of an interaction can vary drastically from interaction to interaction but is guaranteed based on the [type of interaction](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-interaction-type). As mentioned in the table above, `PING` interactions *never* have a `data` property. For all other types of interactions, the structure of the inner `data` payload can be found below, split by type.

```

| guild_id?  | snowflake                                                                                                                                                                        | the id of the guild the command is registered to                                                                                                                                     |
| target_id? | snowflake                                                                                                                                                                        | id the of user or message targeted by a [user](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/user-commands) or [message](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/message-commands) command |

\* This [can be partial](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/autocomplete) when in response to APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE

> ###### Resolved Data Structure

Reviewer: I believe this should probably move below all the individual data structures as they all represent the same sub-point in the overarching structure. Intuitively, modals would probably have some sort of resolved structure, but its not there right now cause modal input doesn't seem to be powered by slate 😢

| APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE | 4     |
| MODAL_SUBMIT                     | 5     |

###### Interaction Data

> The inner data payload of an interaction can vary drastically from interaction to interaction but is guaranteed based on the [type of interaction](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-interaction-type). As mentioned in the table above, `PING` interactions *never* have a `data` property. For all other types of interactions, the structure of the inner `data` payload can be found below, split by type.

Reviewer 2: > As mentioned in the table above, `PING` interactions *never* have a `data` property.

Unless I'm missing something, the table above indicates that `PING` never has the `locale` field available. It doesn't seem to mention anything about `PING`'s `data` field.

Author: The current documentation states
> *This is always present on application command, message component, and modal submit interaction types. It is optional for future-proofing against new interaction types
> [ref](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/receiving-and-responding#interaction-object-interaction-structure)

~~If this is not the case and something that should be communicated to the end user, then I understand. I tried my best to retain the current understandings in this PR since the original motivation was just to clarify the existing documentation, not add any new information.~~

Edit: Quoted wrong statement. I think I understand now that you're saying that it's unclear that `PING` also doesn't have `data` because there's a statement that explicitly mentions `PING`, while the one quoted above only implicitly references it (and any other types) through omission.

Author: > Unless I'm missing something, the table above indicates that `PING` never has the `locale` field available. It doesn't seem to mention anything about `PING`'s `data` field.

So yeah, I believe the [footnote of the Interaction Structure table](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/blob/main/docs/interactions/Receiving_and_Responding.md?plain=1#L31) implicitly mentions that `PING` should not be expected to have the `data` property, but I honestly do not care if that understanding / information is surfaced elsewhere. That's not the hill I signed up to die on; I just want the data structures split apart.

Going to @ckohen on this since that was their suggested change. I'm fine either way. If we don't get a response, I'll remove the sentence about `PING`.

Author: I see now the accepted change below already addressed this. Talking with ckohen in Discord, they have no further comment on this specifically.

> The inner data payload of an interaction can vary drastically from interaction to interaction but is guaranteed based on the [type of interaction](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-interaction-type). As mentioned in the table above, `PING` interactions *never* have a `data` property. For all other types of interactions, the structure of the inner `data` payload can be found below, split by type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the `data` field is guaranteed to be present for all [interaction types](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-interaction-type) besides `PING`, its structure will vary. The following tables detail the inner `data` payload for each interaction type.
```

###### Application Command Data Structure

> info

> > Sent in response to both APPLICATION_COMMAND and APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE interactions. 

Reviewer 2: i know this formatting isn't consistently applied everywhere, but I want to move towards it as we're adding/modifying docs

```suggestion
> Sent in response to both `APPLICATION_COMMAND` and `APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE` interactions. 
```

| options?\* | array of [application command interaction data option](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/application-command-object-application-command-interaction-data-option-structure) | the params + values from the user                                                                                                                                                    |
| guild_id?  | snowflake                                                                                                                                                                        | the id of the guild the command is registered to                                                                                                                                     |
| target_id? | snowflake                                                                                                                                                                        | id of the user or message targeted by a [user](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/user-commands) or [message](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/message-commands) command |

> \* This [can be partial](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/autocomplete) when in response to APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\* This [can be partial](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/autocomplete) when in response to `APPLICATION_COMMAND_AUTOCOMPLETE`
```

| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| custom_id      | string                                                                                                            | the [`custom_id`](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/custom-id) of the component                             |
| component_type | integer                                                                                                           | the [type](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/component-object-component-types) of the component             |
| values?\*      | array of [select option values](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object-select-option-structure) | values the user selected in a [select menu](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object) component |

> \* This is always present on a select menu component

Reviewer 2: small wording
```suggestion
\* This is always present for select menu components
```

\* Partial `Member` objects are missing `user`, `deaf` and `mute` fields

\*\* Partial `Channel` objects only have `id`, `name`, `type` and `permissions` fields. Threads will also have `thread_metadata` and `parent_id` fields.

> 

Reviewer 2: Very small thing, but typically a blank line exists before each header so I think this should stay
